samples: wifi: ble_coex: Readme update (#16359)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/wifi/ble_coex/README.rst

.. table-from-sample-yaml::

> Running coexistence sample test cases require additional software such as the Wi-Fi **iperf** application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running test cases for this sample requires additional software, such as the Wi-Fi **iperf** application.
```

.. table-from-sample-yaml::

Running coexistence sample test cases require additional software such as the Wi-Fi **iperf** application.

> Use **iperf** version 2.0.5.

Reviewer 2: Using **iPerf** to emphasize the first time is ok. But I would suggest not to use it throughout the doc. To just use iPerf should be enough.

Reviewer 3: To add to what @mia-ko wrote: bold is only accepted for PCB and GUI elements in the docs. https://nordicsemi.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/TECHDOC/pages/120291747/Typographical+conventions

This is done by using the throughput of the Wi-Fi client and the Bluetooth LE central.

Test setup
==========

The following figure shows a reference test setup.

.. figure:: /images/wifi_coex.svg
     :alt: Wi-Fi and Bluetooth LE Coex test setup

     Wi-Fi and Bluetooth LE coexistence reference test and evaluation setup

The reference test setup shows the connections between the following devices:

* :term:`Device Under Test (DUT)` (nRF7002 DK on which the coexistence sample runs)
* Wi-Fi peer device (access point with test PC that runs **iperf**)
* Bluetooth LE peer device (nRF5340 DK on which Bluetooth LE throughput sample runs)

The following table provides more details on the sample or application that runs on DUT and peer devices:

+--------------+----------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Device       | Application    |                             Details                                                |
+==============+================+====================================================================================+

> | nRF7002 DK   | Bluetooth LE   | The sample runs Wi-Fi throughput only, Bluetooth LE throughput only,               |
> | (DUT)        | coex sample    | or a combination of both based on configuration selections in the                  |
> |              |                | :file:`prj.conf`.                                                                  |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| nRF7002 DK   | Bluetooth LE   | The sample runs Wi-Fi throughput only, Bluetooth LE throughput only,               |
| (DUT)        | coexistence    | or a combination of both based on configuration selections in the                  |
|              | sample         | :file:`prj.conf`.                                                                  |
```

To enable different test modes, set up the following configuration parameters in the :file:`prj.conf` file:

* Test modes: Use the following Kconfig options to select the required test case:

  * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_TEST_TYPE_WLAN_ONLY` for Wi-Fi-only test.
  * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_TEST_TYPE_BLE_ONLY` for Bluetooth LE-only test.
  * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_TEST_TYPE_WLAN_BLE` for concurrent Wi-Fi and Bluetooth LE test.

  Based on the required test, set only one of these to ``y``.
* Test duration: Use the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_WIFI_TEST_DURATION` Kconfig option to set the duration of the Wi-Fi test and :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BLE_TEST_DURATION` for the Bluetooth LE test.
  The units are in milliseconds.
  For example, to set the test for 20 seconds, set these values to ``20000``.
  For the concurrent Wi-Fi and Bluetooth LE test, make sure that both are set to the same duration to ensure maximum overlap.

> * Bluetooth LE configuration: Set the Bluetooth LE connection interval limits using the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_INTERVAL_MIN` and :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_INTERVAL_MAX`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* Bluetooth LE configuration: Set the Bluetooth LE connection interval limits using the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_INTERVAL_MIN` and :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_INTERVAL_MAX` Kconfig options .
```

  The units are 1.25 milliseconds.
  For example, ``CONFIG_INTERVAL_MIN=80`` corresponds to an interval of 100 ms (80 x 1.25).

* Wi-Fi connection: Configure the following Wi-Fi credentials in the :file:`prj.conf`: appropriately as per the credentials of the access point used for this testing:

.. include:: /includes/wifi_credentials_static.txt

.. note::

>    ``menuconfig`` can also be used to configure ``Wi-Fi credentials``.
> 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
   You can also use ``menuconfig`` to configure ``Wi-Fi credentials``.
```

>    ``menuconfig`` can also be used to configure ``Wi-Fi credentials``.

Author: Rephrasing is done to maintain consistency, as ‘you’ is not used in the rest of the document.

>    ``menuconfig`` can also be used to configure ``Wi-Fi credentials``.

Reviewer 4: Ok but I think it would be good if we can maintain the consistency with other samples as well. For ex: https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc-legacy/latest/nrf/samples/wifi/raw_tx_packet/README.html#wi-fi-static-credential-options

The generated HEX file to be used is :file:`throughput/build/merged.hex`.

Testing
=======

|test_sample|

> #. |connect_kit|

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
1. |connect_kit|
```

The generated HEX file to be used is :file:`throughput/build/merged.hex`.

Testing
=======

|test_sample|

#. |connect_kit|
#. |connect_terminal|

#. Run the following commands to check the available devices:

   .. code-block:: console

      $ nrfjprog --com
      1050043161         /dev/ttyACM0    VCOM0
      1050043161         /dev/ttyACM1    VCOM1
      1050724225         /dev/ttyACM2    VCOM0
      1050724225         /dev/ttyACM3    VCOM1
      $

> 	In this example, ``1050043161`` is the device ID of the nRF5340 DK and ``1050724225`` is device ID of the nRF7002 DK.

Reviewer 4: Need to format to take this text out of Codeblock.
```suggestion
In this example, ``1050043161`` is the device ID of the nRF5340 DK and ``1050724225`` is device ID of the nRF7002 DK.
```

> 	While connecting to a particular board, use the ttyACMx corresponding to VCOM1.
> 	In the example, use ttyACM1 to connect to the board with device ID ``1050043161``.
> 	Similarly, use ttyACM3 to connect to the board with device ID ``1050724225``.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
While connecting to a particular board, use the ttyACMx corresponding to VCOM1.
In the example, use ttyACM1 to connect to the board with device ID ``1050043161``.
Similarly, use ttyACM3 to connect to the board with device ID ``1050724225``.
```

#. Run the following commands to connect to the desired devices:

   .. code-block:: console

      $ minicom -D /dev/ttyACM1 -b 115200
      $ minicom -D /dev/ttyACM3 -b 115200

Programming DKs
===============

#. Program the nRF5340 DK by completing the following steps:

> 	1. |open_terminal_window_with_environment|
> 	#. Navigate to the :file:`<ncs code>/nrf/samples/bluetooth/throughput/` folder.
> 	#. Run the following command:

Reviewer 4: Formatting issue
```suggestion
1. |open_terminal_window_with_environment|
#. Navigate to the :file:`<ncs code>/nrf/samples/bluetooth/throughput/` folder.
#. Run the following command:
```

	   .. code-block:: console

> 		  $ west flash --dev-id <device-id> --hex-file build/merged.hex

Reviewer 4: Formatting issue
```suggestion
	  $ west flash --dev-id <device-id> --hex-file build/merged.hex
```

#. Program the nRF7002 DK by completing the following steps:

> 	1. |open_terminal_window_with_environment|
> 	#. Navigate to :file:`<ncs code>/nrf/samples/wifi/ble_coex/`.
> 	#. Run the following command:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
1. |open_terminal_window_with_environment|
#. Navigate to :file:`<ncs code>/nrf/samples/wifi/ble_coex/`.
#. Run the following command:
```

> 	   .. code-block:: console
> 
> 		  $ west flash --dev-id <device-id> --hex-file build/merged.hex

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
	   .. code-block:: console

	      $ west flash --dev-id <device-id> --hex-file build/merged.hex
```

The generated HEX file to be used is :file:`throughput/build/merged.hex`.

Testing
=======

|test_sample|

1. |connect_kit|
#. |connect_terminal|

#. Run the following commands to check the available devices:

   .. code-block:: console

      $ nrfjprog --com
      1050043161         /dev/ttyACM0    VCOM0
      1050043161         /dev/ttyACM1    VCOM1
      1050724225         /dev/ttyACM2    VCOM0
      1050724225         /dev/ttyACM3    VCOM1
      $

In this example, ``1050043161`` is the device ID of the nRF5340 DK and ``1050724225`` is the device ID of the nRF7002 DK.

While connecting to a particular board, use the ttyACMx corresponding to VCOM1.
In the example, use ttyACM1 to connect to the board with device ID ``1050043161``.
Similarly, use ttyACM3 to connect to the board with device ID ``1050724225``.

#. Run the following commands to connect to the desired devices:

   .. code-block:: console

      $ minicom -D /dev/ttyACM1 -b 115200
      $ minicom -D /dev/ttyACM3 -b 115200

Programming DKs
===============

> Complete the following steps to program the nRF5340 DK:

Reviewer: You could use tabs for different DKs/devices. For example like in https://docs.nordicsemi.com/bundle/ncs-latest/page/nrf/samples/matter/lock/README.html#testing
Like this:
```
.. tabs::

   .. group-tab:: nRF5340 DK

      1. First step
  
   .. group-tab:: nRF7002
     
      1. First step
   ```

The generated HEX file to be used is :file:`throughput/build/merged.hex`.

Testing
=======

|test_sample|

1. |connect_kit|
#. |connect_terminal|

> #. Run the following commands to check the available devices:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Run the following command to check the available devices:
```

   .. code-block:: console

      $ nrfjprog --com
      1050043161         /dev/ttyACM0    VCOM0
      1050043161         /dev/ttyACM1    VCOM1
      1050724225         /dev/ttyACM2    VCOM0
      1050724225         /dev/ttyACM3    VCOM1
      $

> In this example, ``1050043161`` is the serial number of the nRF5340 DK and ``1050724225`` is the serial number of the nRF7002 DK.
> 
> While connecting to a particular device, use the ``/dev/ttyACM`` corresponding to VCOM1.
> In the example, use ``/dev/ttyACM1`` to connect to the device with the serial number ``1050043161``.
> Similarly, use ``/dev/ttyACM3`` to connect to the device with the serial number ``1050724225``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   In this example, ``1050043161`` is the serial number of the nRF5340 DK and ``1050724225`` is the serial number of the nRF7002 DK.

   While connecting to a particular device, use the ``/dev/ttyACM`` corresponding to VCOM1.
   In the example, use ``/dev/ttyACM1`` to connect to the device with the serial number ``1050043161``.
   Similarly, use ``/dev/ttyACM3`` to connect to the device with the serial number ``1050724225``.
```
Lacking empty spaces broke the numbered list

#. Run the following commands to connect to the desired devices:

   .. code-block:: console

      $ minicom -D /dev/ttyACM1 -b 115200
      $ minicom -D /dev/ttyACM3 -b 115200

Programming DKs
===============

Complete the following steps to program the DKs:

.. tabs::

   .. group-tab:: nRF5340 DK

	  1. |open_terminal_window_with_environment|
	  #. Navigate to the :file:`<ncs code>/nrf/samples/bluetooth/throughput/` folder.
	  #. Run the following command:

	     .. code-block:: console

	        $ west flash --dev-id <device-id> --hex-file build/merged.hex

   .. group-tab:: nRF7002 DK

      1. |open_terminal_window_with_environment|
      #. Navigate to the :file:`<ncs code>/nrf/samples/wifi/ble_coex/` folder.
      #. Run the following command:

> 		 .. code-block:: console

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      .. code-block:: console
```

> 			$ west flash --dev-id <device-id> --hex-file build/merged.hex

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         $ west flash --dev-id <device-id> --hex-file build/merged.hex
```

Programming DKs
===============

> #. Program the nRF5340 DK by completing the following steps:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Program the nRF5340 DK by completing the following steps:
```

> (A). |open_terminal_window_with_environment|
> (B). Navigate to :file:`<ncs code>/nrf/samples/bluetooth/throughput/`.
> (C). Run the following command:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
1. |open_terminal_window_with_environment|
#. Navigate to the :file:`<ncs code>/nrf/samples/bluetooth/throughput/` folder.
#. Run the following command:
```

   .. code-block:: console

      $ west flash --dev-id <device-id> --hex-file build/merged.hex

#. Program the nRF7002 DK by completing the following steps:

> (A). |open_terminal_window_with_environment|
> (B). Navigate to :file:`<ncs code>/nrf/samples/wifi/ble_coex/`.
> (C). Run the following command:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
1. |open_terminal_window_with_environment|
#. Navigate to the :file:`<ncs code>/nrf/samples/wifi/ble_coex/` folder.
#. Run the following command:
```

   .. code-block:: console

      $ west flash --dev-id <device-id> --hex-file build/merged.hex

> When the sample runs Wi-Fi UDP throughput in client mode, a peer device (test PC) runs UDP throughput
> in server mode using the following command:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
When the sample runs Wi-Fi UDP throughput in client mode, a peer device (test PC) runs UDP throughput in server mode using the following command:
```

.. code-block:: console

   $ iperf -s -i 1 -u

+---------------+--------------+----------------------------------------------------------------+
| Test case     | Coexistence  | Test procedure                                                 |
+===============+==============+================================================================+
| Wi-Fi-only    | NA           | Run Wi-Fi **iperf** in server mode on the test PC.             |
| throughput    |              | Build the coexistence sample for Wi-Fi-only throughput and     |
|               |              | program the application on the nRF7002 DK.                     |
+---------------+--------------+----------------------------------------------------------------+

> | Bluetooth LE  | NA           | Program Bluetooth LE throughput application on the nRF5340     |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| Bluetooth LE  | NA           | Program the Bluetooth LE throughput application on the nRF5340     |
```

| only          |              | DK and select role as peripheral.                              |
| throughput    |              | Build the coexistence sample for Bluetooth LE-only and program |
|               |              | the application on the nRF7002 DK.                             |
+---------------+--------------+----------------------------------------------------------------+
| Wi-Fi and     | Disabled/    | Run Wi-Fi **iperf** in server mode on the test PC.             |

> | Bluetooth LE  | Enabled      | Program Bluetooth LE throughput application on the nRF5340     |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| Bluetooth LE  | Enabled      | Program the Bluetooth LE throughput application on the nRF5340     |
```

The following tables summarize the results obtained from coexistence tests conducted in a clean RF environment for different Wi-Fi operating bands, antenna configurations, and Wi-Fi modes.
These results are representative and might vary based on the RSSI and the level of external interference.

Wi-Fi (802.11n mode) in 2.4 GHz
-------------------------------

Separate antennas:

+------------------------+--------------------+--------------------+
| Test case              | Wi-Fi UDP TX       | Bluetooth LE       |
|                        | throughput in Mbps | throughput in kbps |
+========================+====================+====================+

> | Wi-Fi-only,            | 10.2               | N.A                |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Wi-Fi-only,            | 10.2               | N.A.               |
```

| client (UDP TX)        |                    |                    |
+------------------------+--------------------+--------------------+

> | Bluetooth LE-only,     | N.A                | 1107               |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Bluetooth LE-only,     | N.A.               | 1107               |
```

| coexistence enabled    |                    |                    |
+------------------------+--------------------+--------------------+

Shared antenna:

+------------------------+--------------------+--------------------+
| Test case              | Wi-Fi UDP TX       | Bluetooth LE       |
|                        | throughput in Mbps | throughput in kbps |
+========================+====================+====================+

> | Wi-Fi-only,            | 10.2               | N.A                |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Wi-Fi-only,            | 10.2               | N.A.               |
```

| client (UDP TX)        |                    |                    |
+------------------------+--------------------+--------------------+

> | Bluetooth LE-only,     | N.A                | 1219               |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Bluetooth LE-only,     | N.A.               | 1219               |
```

| coexistence enabled    |                    |                    |
+------------------------+--------------------+--------------------+

Wi-Fi (802.11b mode) in 2.4 GHz
-------------------------------

Separate antennas:

+------------------------+--------------------+--------------------+
| Test case              | Wi-Fi UDP TX       | Bluetooth LE       |
|                        | throughput in Mbps | throughput in kbps |
+========================+====================+====================+

> | Wi-Fi-only,            | 3.5                | N.A                |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Wi-Fi-only,            | 3.5                | N.A.               |
```

| client (UDP TX)        |                    |                    |
+------------------------+--------------------+--------------------+

> | Bluetooth LE-only,     | N.A                | 1042               |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Bluetooth LE-only,     | N.A.               | 1042               |
```

| coexistence enabled    |                    |                    |
+------------------------+--------------------+--------------------+

Wi-Fi (802.11b mode) in 2.4 GHz
-------------------------------

Separate antennas:

+------------------------+--------------------+--------------------+
| Test case              | Wi-Fi UDP TX       | Bluetooth LE       |
|                        | throughput in Mbps | throughput in kbps |
+========================+====================+====================+
| Wi-Fi-only,            | 3.5                | N.A.               |
| client (UDP TX)        |                    |                    |
+------------------------+--------------------+--------------------+

> | Bluetooth LE-only,     | N.A.                | 1042              |

Reviewer 4: Formatting issue
```suggestion
| Bluetooth LE-only,     | N.A.               | 1042              |
```

| coexistence enabled    |                    |                    |
+------------------------+--------------------+--------------------+

Shared antenna:

+------------------------+--------------------+--------------------+
| Test case              | Wi-Fi UDP TX       | Bluetooth LE       |
|                        | throughput in Mbps | throughput in kbps |
+========================+====================+====================+

> | Wi-Fi-only,            | 3.5                | N.A                |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Wi-Fi-only,            | 3.5                | N.A.               |
```

| client (UDP TX)        |                    |                    |
+------------------------+--------------------+--------------------+

> | Bluetooth LE-only,     | N.A                | 1190               |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Bluetooth LE-only,     | N.A.               | 1190               |
```

| coexistence enabled    |                    |                    |
+------------------------+--------------------+--------------------+

Wi-Fi (802.11n mode) in 5 GHz
-----------------------------

Separate antennas:

+------------------------+--------------------+--------------------+
| Test case              | Wi-Fi UDP TX       | Bluetooth LE       |
|                        | throughput in Mbps | throughput in kbps |
+========================+====================+====================+

> | Wi-Fi-only,            | 10.2               | N.A                |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Wi-Fi-only,            | 10.2               | N.A.               |
```

| client (UDP TX)        |                    |                    |
+------------------------+--------------------+--------------------+

> | Bluetooth LE-only,     | N.A                | 1139               |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Bluetooth LE-only,     | N.A.               | 1139               |
```

| coexistence enabled    |                    |                    |
+------------------------+--------------------+--------------------+

Wi-Fi (802.11n mode) in 5 GHz
-----------------------------

Separate antennas:

+------------------------+--------------------+--------------------+
| Test case              | Wi-Fi UDP TX       | Bluetooth LE       |
|                        | throughput in Mbps | throughput in kbps |
+========================+====================+====================+
| Wi-Fi-only,            | 10.2               | N.A.               |
| client (UDP TX)        |                    |                    |
+------------------------+--------------------+--------------------+

> | Bluetooth LE-only,     | N.A.                | 1139              |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| Bluetooth LE-only,     | N.A.               | 1139              |
```

| coexistence enabled    |                    |                    |
+------------------------+--------------------+--------------------+

Shared antenna:

+------------------------+--------------------+--------------------+
| Test case              | Wi-Fi UDP TX       | Bluetooth LE       |
|                        | throughput in Mbps | throughput in kbps |
+========================+====================+====================+

> | Wi-Fi-only,            | 10.2               | N.A                |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Wi-Fi-only,            | 10.2               | N.A.               |
```
